# My Portfolio

## Description

ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA: GIVEN a single-page application portfolio for a web developer WHEN I load the portfolio THEN I am presented with a page containing a header, a section for content, and a footer WHEN I view the header THEN I am presented with the developer's name and navigation with titles corresponding to different sections of the portfolio WHEN I view the navigation titles THEN I am presented with the titles About Me, Portfolio, Contact, and Resume, and the title corresponding to the current section is highlighted WHEN I click on a navigation title THEN I am presented with the corresponding section below the navigation without the page reloading and that title is highlighted WHEN I load the portfolio the first time THEN the About Me title and section are selected by default WHEN I am presented with the About Me section THEN I see a recent photo or avatar of the developer and a short bio about them WHEN I am presented with the Portfolio section THEN I see titled images of six of the developer’s applications with links to both the deployed applications and the corresponding GitHub repository WHEN I am presented with the Contact section THEN I see a contact form with fields for a name, an email address, and a message WHEN I move my cursor out of one of the form fields without entering text THEN I receive a notification that this field is required WHEN I enter text into the email address field THEN I receive a notification if I have entered an invalid email address WHEN I am presented with the Resume section THEN I see a link to a downloadable resume and a list of the developer’s proficiencies WHEN I view the footer THEN I am presented with text or icon links to the developer’s GitHub and LinkedIn profiles, and their profile on a third platform (Stack Overflow, Twitter)

This landing page will be a useful tool for me, both now and in the future, in that I can direct future employers here to view my work. The goal was to use HTML and CSS to make this page striking, legible, clear, and easy to navigate. It is striking because it uses a global color palette and makes use of soft corners. It is legible because the font is large and legible. It is clear because the styling does not get in the way of the content. It is easy to navigate because of the nav bar and the large headings.
This page will become an important platform for my future work, and it will be a testing area for new styles and ideas.

Instead of being another applicant in the ocean of LinkedIn, this site will help me stand out, and I can direct future employers here directly.

A simple website is often not so simple, especially if one wishes to maintain a consistent visual language. I have learned that it takes a lot of time to make a legible, usable, and attractive website.